and we're live um do you drink you want
a zero alcohol cannikin sure if you
haven't won yeah hey your fella zero
alcohol let's get crazy their pace
ourselves
it takes cheers sir I'm gonna chug this
oh don't do that too sweet dangerous
zero alcohol how many calories though
please scared calories bro hey stay
alive that's what I mean I got plenty of
calories already I have to ask you did
you drive in the Hemi no I didn't I got
dropped off in a Chevy oh my god Rajon I
had one for a little while it's just a
little while yeah figure like you would
have to have one for quite a long time
it was fun well okay I'm gonna backtrack
a little bit
so first commercial right thank god I
hear me right I did six of these things
yeah and around commercial three I was
talking to my agent and I said man you
know if they ask you should do another
one oh shit here we got it yeah that's
the worst I've ever looked in my life I
felt like I was sitting in a desert like
no one's ever gonna see these
commercials no one's gonna know what a
hammy is incorrect I could not have been
more wrong
yeah did they give you one of these go
out and buy one
well I said listen if they if they want
me to do another commercial see if you
can get a vehicle out of them right in
my agent was like you know make it their
problem he calls them up he goes hey I
don't know if you know this but you're
hammy guy your spokesman is driving
around Los Angeles right now in a Suzuki
Sidekick know and they're like what the
same thing it's the lightest it's a box
guy if you could put a string to it and
float in the air is that that shitty
looking Jeep thing yes oh wow you have
one of those I did yeah red Wow I don't
know why for some reason I like that
thing I got it in college yeah missed
algin it was cool for tailgating and
shit there it is yeah that's the LL Cool
J version I didn't have that one let's
do G I don't know I think I saw that the
video one toe cuz it's a compatible one
I had
you're at that hardtop damn yeah I
totaled that thing in North Dakota one
time hit black ice I mean a gust of wind
just knocked me off the road and I was
in a ditch but it was uh you know how
people are motorcycles you'll see
another motorcycle no way it's like a
little club that you're in and jeeps do
it too and I started doing that to other
suzuki sidekicks and ila for a reason
I'd wave Tom nine times out of ten it's
like a overweight black lady and I just
like what does he do I was like we're in
the club man so but yeah people are
gonna give me nice cars yeah but to do
that with shitty cars - yeah that's what
that's next level that's more fun yeah
like I see you so what did they give you
when they give you a hemming it was a
1500 Dodge Ram quad cab no like a lot of
chrome feel comfortable Anna they loved
it I loved when I first got it you know
it's like it's like in the middle of the
you know I did success commercial so as
right around La with the windows down
just blast and you know Leonard Skinner
yes very school like Park it I mean they
hated parking that thing in that lot
because it's gigantic that's a wide and
they're like really man
can you just have somebody drop you off
yeah Brendan jobs been showing up and is
he got a raptor oh yeah realize how wide
those things are until you stand in
front of him like a huge fucking giant
vehicle and then trying to valet that
thing anywhere in Los Angeles you know
that's a lot of tiny little Mexican
dudes are like really man well the worst
is if you try to valet a stick shift oh
I tried to give a valet my keys to my
Bronco and he didn't know what to do
okay you don't know how to drive a stick
shift he goes no I go what the fuck are
you doing here man how can you have this
job yeah yeah that should be a part of
the resume I can't drive all cars it's
crazy yeah I don't think most people
know how to you know Indy went under 30
could drive a stick I don't think so no
if there's going it's going gone yeah
Porsche doesn't make him anymore
the only American muscle cars are one of
the last holdouts like Corvette and
Camaro I haven't driven a stick in a
long time Mustangs
you have no you won't try sure actually
the last time I did I was in Costa Rica
row and I rented a rented a car and I'm
like
assume all of cars now or when you rent
them or automatics you know you get
another country it's it's whatever and
so I'm pulling out of the lot and it's
like oh shit it's been a minute I got
this yeah when you're in Italy they all
drive stick shifts even like minivans
yeah it's weird yeah everything's a
stick shift over there I'm not sure why
I don't know what's the advantages and
disadvantages I mean what do you prefer
well if I was in where I was in Italy it
was in Ravello which is very small
little roads it's very tiny and it's
like crazy congestion because of tourism
yeah and the guy was always on the
clutch back and forth back before those
like yeah this is gotta be annoying as
fuck you get an automatic and that's
like la right if you're in if you're
commuting to LA bumper-to-bumper every
day you're gonna want an automatic exact
that's what happens right I think you're
right yeah yeah it's just more
comfortable let the car do the work but
if you're on a mountain road like the
Angels Crest Highway and yeah there's
something cool about being in command of
the vehicle and yes you're killing it
when it's manly yeah it is and if you
got a dick in your hand yeah and if it's
a woman I gotta go whoo don't get too
close to this one yeah yes driving stick
shifts like well she's a rebel
I'd be great in bed though maybe yeah
for a little while and then she gets mad
at you for an email for 12 years ago I
didn't even know you that yeah what the
fuck yeah - right where's that phone
come from that's fun flip phone Sookie
sidekick we were looking at that thing
from CES that Jamie pulled up what does
that goofy thing called these are good
right our league I don't feel like I'm
drinking a non-alcoholic it tastes like
a regular beer planet computers Cosmo
communicator which look at the four that
is that is wasted not like someone was
doing coke and they decided it's that I
have a spaceship but it does oh my copy
that looks like he needs to have a
or a spaceship it looks like one of
those metal wallets that you get to keep
your credit card yeah but that shit's
preposterous sure he's not even your
fingers because you know but would you
who makes that fat fuckin hands are not
gonna fit on that thing yeah do that I
mean at this point we're so used to
doing this why go back and go back to
that now whoever goes sideways in your
iPhone yeah take a picture I will never
typing no way I thought that was the
move I'm like all once we go sideways
that's gonna be the shit have you tried
on an iPad uh I have not it's not bad
yeah sideways all right yeah like when
you have to type on the full screen all
the full yeah we're all fans not bad
yeah not perfect but it's way better
than just your thumbs on an iPhone yeah
that sense I suppose if you can type I
used to think I would never get used to
that just that you know the the the
screen without feeling it look at that
little front screen like you got a bunch
of shit that comes in on it look at that
Oh like apps and stuff I guess
boy that's you know no one's buying that
son oh my god
here's the thing there are so many
options now if you don't like Apple and
you're committed to like an Android
phone there's so many options yeah why
would you buy that thing what I don't
even know what company is that hmm
exactly that's also part of the problem
right that would be going like where do
you bring that thing to get it fixed
okay yeah the screen cracks you bring it
to the mall what is it yeah a Cosmo
communicator bro I'm gonna just go to
the future and fix this thing yeah we
can't do this in 10 minutes nothing's a
mess I mean I got a cracked screen now
and you know it's not even that bad but
I've seen people walk around with like
damn spider web on them yeah I'm
ridiculous when are you gonna go get it
fixed what's the point sighs gasps was
falling off this is an indication of you
you need to get your shit together yeah
that's true yeah if your phone looks
like a like a haunted house yeah that's
a good one yeah let's go into like you
know see if this girl's gonna be crazy
all right how cracked is her security
that's a good point give me your phone
like a girl who can deal with a little
crack that's probably sorry your hair
it's okay she's cool just a little crack
of the window in a corner no big deal
she's gonna fuck she's easygoing yeah
she doesn't even need to wear makeup bro
she's I have to do like this get the
light just right cuz it's like a damn
it's a full adder wiggity cuz that part
of the glass won't work yeah what about
the other way they're going with the
flex phone because oh no this is a good
one that broke but this is another one
that came out at CES - mmm that they
recalled Samsung recalled the ones I
suppose they recall all of them huh yeah
they done release date now they're
document who knows when they're gonna
come out they break in like crazy
apparently flex phone but then is it
flexible it bends yeah well how does
that one work all I'm seeing is like
yeah the Samsung one had like a little
teeny phone line and yes it already
looks like a little flash aquarium that
you put sea-monkeys in it does right
looks like one ones it's like a pillar
and a shitty hotel for hours yeah
someone needs to clean the tank they
have a Huawei has a flex phone that
looks way better than the Samsung one
it looks thinner and it looks like they
just nailed the design better and on the
side of it what's this yeah it's a
different no Rowell flex PI beats
Samsung and Huawei to mark it
none of those out that's what this one
was it folding does it fold in half yeah
yeah they're making these things where
you can flex them and bend them like a
thousand times
oh how weird yeah that's weird
how am I supposed to how fat that thing
is that's like carrying a VHS tape in
your pocket mm-hmm right I mean imagine
the advantages and disadvantages of
watching porn on that thing oh there's
advantages yeah just like oh I see your
ass and then you got to turn your phone
upside down that's pretty wild yeah how
it works that is Nate yeah well I don't
hoping it works so that the Version
three or four in a couple of years is
way better than these broken ones yeah
well for sure you're gonna see people at
concerts holding up well it looks like
12-inch iPads that's gonna be these
goddamn things in the future I've seen
that before now does anyway how would
you do this or else
yeah they're everywhere I mean yeah
you're right
yeah I hate it especially like a comedy
show looks like the the Falls bad at
night yeah
iPad I have a Tesla in the Tesla has
this huge screen right it's enormous
yeah yeah and you get so used to it yeah
so I go from that to another car with a
little tiny navigation screen like that
is bullshit yeah it's funny how you get
used to things like I really have a
Thomas guide when I first did you have
one yeah and you came in La God you have
to pull over every five feet bill burr
had one of those as recently as 2011
Wow to my house to my house and his
fucking Prius he still has a Prius that
asshole probably got a billion dollars
gonna fucking Prius he pulls into my
driveway and I see the Thomas guide this
backseat it's like yeah those fucking
that navigation shit if that goes down I
can't figure your way around town yeah
you lost up in the hills no connection
Thomas guy works every time
I knew how to do it man like a back of
the day Oh II ten I know how to do that
yeah that's why I need to go that was
always dangerous fuck up and also in
your community chickens
sounds great yeah is Sun Valley sketch I
never been to Sun Valley I think it is
yeah I've been there once like I think I
got lost I was like this is this is not
so when you got rid of your Hemi did you
say hey this is from the Hemi guy like
this should be worth some money yeah
well if I thought it kids like auction
at all yeah yeah eBay like I took
pictures with it and everything it
didn't work yeah it was like there's
what I think it was when gas was at its
highest price and people like now I
think we're moving on to other things so
fucking high now yeah five bucks a
gallon again but I had it for about two
years
why'd you move it well I was married at
the time
and that thing was hard when I would
leave and she'd had that car it was just
hard to back into the the garage or
anyway has a small - door - a two-car
garage and it was hard to get that thing
in there
and so she she she convinced me that we
didn't need it so that we got a we at
least Alexis our rx350 for a while does
it dope I like them I like when you
drive like a backup camera in those
things that's very nice yeah but you
drive a truck and then you get into a
little car like that like oh yeah agile
like a dancer yeah what was your first
car
my first car was in 1973 Chevelle
Chevelle SS it was a shitbox I drove it
from the guys house to my house and then
it died never it never worked again I
think I drove to my girlfriend's house
and then I drove back to my house it and
then it died yeah and I called the guy
up buy him a fucking card okay yeah he
came and gave it gave me the money back
and took his car he said what happened
to my car I'm like it died just doesn't
work
Wow and so you had like a day I had it
for a day and then my horrible yeah then
I had a 1968 4-4-2 that I wrapped around
a telephone pole shit yeah whoops
hydroplaned yeah yeah if you didn't know
how to drive back then and you had like
kind of balding tires yeah and you hit
some water yeah cars would just go
sideways mm-hmm yeah what is this
floating in the air yeah it's great it's
a crazy thing you can't do anything
about nothing about it they always tell
you to turn into it like nothing's
happened I was just going sideways I was
like I can't believe this shit I just
got this car I had that one for a few
months and then bang fuck that one up
just hydroplaning just high-five
yourself Naz with a couple of guys from
school you might get hurt no we're all
right yeah but it fucked the car up I
was in a Fiera remember Fiero oh yeah my
sister had one oh it's like a little
cake Ferrari so small these who do
Ferrari kits for those yes is it turned
into a fake Testarossa yeah put a car
bra in there yeah those were interesting
my friend Joe had one of those - those
were cool little cars oh yeah all right
back in the day it was like either in my
home town it was like this yeah take one
great that is adorable
those cars are so gross when people do
that you
and it's obvious well it's like what do
you no one wants that once you get is
that one that can't not is that really a
great job that's crazy that one actually
looks good
yeah what's the trick some really dumb
girls with that Miami really dumb one
yeah like if that's the like if you were
only looking for really dumb yeah yeah
that's your car
dumb gold diggers those loafers yeah it
looks like glass lubbers yeah it's
probably plastic rear window oh my god
they make some cars with plastic windows
just save weight okay relax relax with
that yeah we uh my buddy and I he had
one of those
we hydroplaned mm-hmm spun around a
couple times totaled it hit another car
that was parked at a body shop and they
had just finished it no he's like cool I
guess I'm doing two cars totally by
slamming into a car that was just
finished in a body shop yeah it was
serendipitous uber is that guy's friend
yeah get on yeah on the uber yeah I love
over I wonder how much that's preventing
drunk driver I just had this
conversation yeah I think what you know
Mothers Against Drunk Driving mad you
know maybe even the government should
like kick in you know these guys are
saving lives yeah for sure
yeah because if you're not doing that
then you're drinking and driving most
likely most likely so it gives you a
real easy option yeah yeah it's so quick
it's so convenient you don't have to
pull cash out it's it's great it's kind
of a weird organization of both of them
it's like they're trying to figure out
if their employees rather their
contractors yeah and then there's like
this fact that you're just getting into
someone's car you don't know them yeah
yeah I mean you assume if you get a limo
but there's a background check right if
you get a cab you live in on the edge if
you never know Robert DeNiro how do you
look at me
that's what you'd like but you get like
New York City cabdrivers need to get
characters you get either like angry
white dudes or like ya guys who come
from other countries I could tell you
cool stories yeah you get like
characters yeah yeah here it smells
yeah crazy smells lots of weird music
possibly a voodoo doll but now you know
what you get when you get in a New York
City cab driver you get advertisements
and yet screens like they have little
laptops facing ya and they play these
these credit card machine back there and
they play these these videos about
things about restaurants and this and
that shows its own network at this point
yeah like just the cab network it is
kind of right it must be yeah a shame
that Robbie has their own little loop
that they plug Jimmy Fallon and I mean
I've seen him down there many times yeah
doing stuff everything they see the HBO
show taxicab confessions yeah yeah that
was crazy
I enjoyed that I was like who the fuck
is signing this release what are you
giving these people like I just want to
be on TV and I would say the worst stuff
like if you're fucked up on coke and you
get into a cab and you start just
talking shit about all the crazy sexual
stuff that you like and then and then
afterwards they're like hey you're gonna
be on HBO you're like fuck yeah I am
inside then you wake up in the morning
this waiver at the right time yeah
that's gold that's a good move how does
that work how old they get if you're
hammered uh yeah that's gotta be some
loophole like I was wondering about that
um the catch a predator show yeah why
the fuck would they sign of it they'd
have to sign a release do they yes or
cops they have to sign a release yeah
you have to sign a release so yeah and
then there's like the is it entrapment
even you know there was that whole thing
- well that shows definitely entrapment
yeah but it's entrapment I support yeah
totally I support entrapment if it's
like yeah fucking 60% and they like yeah
I do okay get in the cage shit that's
right yeah this certain entrapment yep
all for nothing
you in the fucking anybody under 18
right or sorry yeah
how do they get away with that how do
they get show in their face maybe
because it they were proven guilty you
waived your rights but just by being
guilty you have no rights when you're a
felon right thank you understand when
you have no rights is that right well
you have rights Bernie Sanders wants you
to be able to vote even if you're a
terrorist
have you seen that it's like anybody in
jail for anything yeah like you should
still be able to vote okay okay Oh a lot
of people in jail that's true what if
they count as residents of the state
like what if you have like a
maximum-security prison somewhere right
and these prisoners have everything to
like they have all day right now they're
not anything to do and they register to
vote while they're in there if you have
a few hundred thousand prisoners yeah
you literally can shift an election one
way or the other that's true all you
have to do is get into that prison and
go hey guys here's a deal I'm for
shortening your fucking sentences okay
yeah I'm forgetting you better lawyers
people would start campaigning in
prisons that's true if that's legit man
yeah like these laws bullshit and you
can bribe them real easy with a little
ketchup cigarette bring in cigarettes
were trucking yeah of cigarettes how'd
you win this election Marlboro Reds
what's that guy's name Buddha GG judge
what's his name yeah how's his name
Tulsi gabbard's my girl I'm voting for
her I decided I liked her a matter in
person I don't know I give up I give up
and I pay attention anything else Tulsi
Gabbard but if you could go into a
prison like what is it what's a bit
what's a giant prison population what's
got big his fingers one I don't know we
think the biggest one is the biggest one
I don't know would it be in New York
California there was no isn't there a
giant one Colorado the Joey
they take the serial kills they stuff
them on the ground
what is lada what's the biggest one uh
2004 he looks at ok do you say 50,000
prisoners
i I don't know much about that that's
probably a lot of people think about it
God spread a ball Reena right yes that's
all that's true okay
no okay fifty there's 60,000 the biggest
one the biggest yeah what's the smile
it's well it's probably some Odin
rinky-dinky yes but a bit you know yeah
I'm gonna say a little lighter I'm gonna
say 30,000 don't say 30,000 it's the
biggest will you put money on this I'll
put a dollar on this I don't get a fuck
bro I'll bet you a Heineken double zero
shit we got you rich for my blood
what we got Jamie's confused I have to
be very specific about what I look up to
find this answer so do you want largest
maximum security sure yeah
killers not people who smoke weed known
as Alcatraz of the South the Louisiana
State Penitentiary we go has an inmate
population of 5,000 okay let's go with
thieves let's go with a medium-security
maximum is like violent times right I
guess prison yeah the biggest prison I
looking at largest prison that one thing
that popped up before we are 5,000 as
looks very curly ex in Florence Supermax
prison there's one old supermax prison
that's when I think you're talking about
okay even higher about I have way less
people see if it says oh that's even
higher criminal level yeah that was like
where they put the ice 23 hours a day
done single cell confinement 5000 is a
lot of people confinement is so weird
cause like we're just we're killing you
but we're just killing you with nature
we're gonna kill you with old age and
shitty nutrition mm-hmm just gonna keep
you in a box kill with your own brain
and no weird yeah it's like it might be
more cruel to put someone into a small
cage for 23 hours a day than it is to
just kill them I think so yeah if you
just kill you it's over with it's
suffering yeah percent yeah 100% like
that was my take on Chelsea Manning
who's now free yeah like they tortured
her they tortured they did yes was naked
in a cage
by herself for years I think it was like
the whole that she was in solitary I'm
gonna have to find this out once Jamie's
done with this service I'm like looking
around there's the one in California's
male-only where Manson is it's got 3,500
there's one in Illinois medium security
it's got a thousand okay so wait we're
way off yeah yeah by a factory or so
pesimistic going low and I was off I
don't know if it's just his countenance
ooh there's private ones I don't know if
I can get the numbers on private and
those dirty bastards stuff I mean on top
of each other it makes sense if there
were 30,000 inmates in one place I mean
it would be hard to contain that and
control that yeah what's the largest
private prison see if that's yes but the
Chelsea Manning thing she was in
solitary confinement when she was still
a dude does that count like as her being
like I said he say that you say Bradley
or do you see Chelsea when she hadn't
changed yet I have I'd like to ask do
you still say Bruce Jenner won the
Olympics or do you say Caitlyn well
Bruce won the Olympics no no Caitlyn
what does it say he's Caitlyn now you
can't get it now you know if you dead
named him you'll get kicked off of
Twitter dead named him do you know that
dead naming and now I never know so say
if you'd become Johanna reap yeah as you
decided at this stage of the game yeah
I'm wearing Prius yeah that's time to
get my legs waxed the Reeves County
Detention complex and pesos Texas has a
combined capacity of 3763 prisoners and
it's three sub complexes Wow
so that's probably about as big as it
gets yeah does that far and you still
can't get anything over 5,000 yeah so
it's in the thirties the 3300 3500 what
about the world so if you you change
your name of Johnny preap and I started
saying hey Jon REEP what's it like
wearing dresses pretend you're a girl
right that's dead naming you a dead name
you cuz I called you John because I miss
Johan right right well but but Bruce
Bruce is the one who won the Olympic
yeah but that's his dead name well
that's what he was doing asshole John
you're so insensitive can't believe this
I hate finally this day and age I'm
gonna make you subscribe to this woman
off with a lot of passion
oh no you shit together shit you need to
get up my time bro that's the way behind
I just kidding about melissa mohon when
she's doing yeah I don't need that it
was a good name though at the throw room
oh yeah Alyssa Milano's mmm what so
because she has she's active on the
Twittersphere I believe so yeah she's
very political yeah she's always
argument people I think that's one of
them people you know they booted John
woods you know John woods the actor they
booted him off the Twitter with him he
did some naughty I don't think he did
anything that big a deal would it wait
first of all refresh my memory
James wig I'm sorry people probably mad
if we dip right no this what New York
City's Rikers Island has a population of
11,000 but I don't know if they're all
prisoners or not well I mean like this
vacation workers that live on me yeah
yeah do they really says it'll happen
it's a fifteen thousand prisoners verse
fifteen thousand prisoners yeah now
we're in the neighborhood is one in
Turkey that's got 10900 M
Wow okay yeah I think that's a lot of
metal a theater like if you down an
arena like fifteen thousand people's
like Madison Square Garden that's a lot
of fucking terminals so the the Chelsea
Manning thing like now she's free but
then she got locked up again for
contempt of court but I think when she
was locked up in solitary confinement
they took away her clothes they wouldn't
let her have clothes because they
thought she was suicidal really mm-hmm I
think that's just an excuse to so when
they okay so when the key shade was a
male yes Bradley not dead they don't do
it what so when chelsea won the olympics
yeah was that was was she gonna do that
was was he in a male prison that's a
good question and then as a female does
he go to a female prison that's a good
question okay I don't know maybe that's
why they put her in solitary all right
right protective from dudes I mean
that's kind of a loophole that lets say
if I know I'm going to prison and I got
like a year before I get sentenced I
might just go to get that sex judge
right so I'm with females right I don't
know maybe yeah or just a sex change
anymore
you just have to identify oh okay thank
you oh good
do you see that male who identifies as a
female just broke all these World
Records and weightlifting just came out
wonderful
that's congratulations everybody you
broke everything fucking so progressive
that we broke everything you have men
that are winning winning Women's World
Records in fucking weightlifting which
is like the dumbest shit for men and
women to compete against there's ever
one thing what even though I like the
tennis argument it's like well you know
Billie Jean King beat Bobby Riggs yeah
but Bobby Riggs was 55 she was 29 and
they say that he threw the match cuz he
bet against himself alright he was a big
gambler that was what I heard yeah yeah
I would say that too if I lost yeah yeah
you know it's a it threw the match yeah
well yeah basketball that stan is it's a
woman the one yes
it says Chelsea hmm this is uh the women
whose win is not Bruce Jenner records
okay let's get a look oh my god here we
go seems like a gal huh that seems like
a very strong man yes how much weight is
that it doesn't look very a lot of
weight so I thought this is about reps
here yeah
300 300 315 yeah okay that's this
ridiculous amount of weight for a woman
lift and two together if you're gonna be
a real woman a biological woman excuse
me and lift that kind of weight you have
to be a real outlier yeah it's very rare
yeah but this is so ridiculous Wow what
is this guy's quote what say one guy in
the comments say congratulate
and the accident performance screw
anybody tries to knock a chi Vince the
hard work speaks for itself
hey whoever you are fuck you yeah fuck
you have in your nonsense shit is
happening in the first place because
people tolerate this that is nuts if you
if you had a daughter that trained her
whole life to be a weightlifter she's
really into it and this fucking guy
decides he identifies as a woman and
then competes as a woman in
weightlifting it's just fucking stop
yeah everybody just stopped you're in
crazy town
this is officially crazy yeah yeah out
of our fucking minds how it's legal
what oh is it legal it has nothing to do
with being open-minded or tolerant it
has something to do with logic just
basic reason this is craziness
this is you're enabling people to do
something that's preposterous this is
nothing to do with being open minds that
are kind to people I'm a hundred percent
for people being trans sure I'm a
hundred percent for people doing
whatever they want to do just don't hurt
anybody and I'm cool with that same here
but this is just you're in make-believe
town why not pretend you're a fox and go
live in the forest like you're in
make-believe
yeah this is make-believe you can't you
can't just decide you're a woman and
compete with women right there's all
let's make-believe you care all right
there's no advantage make-believe that's
make-believe this but there's an
advantage fucking no there's an
advantage yes everyone knows this is
crazy
I want to see that in the NFL you know
you got like was that before and after
is it two different looks to see this
person don't want to shame this person
look someone's letting her do this right
you know it's nice the problem that's
the problem they should say transgender
league right or there should be you know
some rules where you have to compete
with the chromosome your birth you don't
have to fucking compete most people
don't compete in organized sports
most people don't and if you're trans
maybe that should be something you can't
do it and particularly for girls who
transition to boys you know that school
in Texas that won't let this girl is
transitioning to a boy they won't let
her compete with boys so they make her
compete with girls and she's on fucking
testosterone right
so she's taking testosterone to be or
he's taking testosterone whatever you
want to say it I get so confused yeah
yeah
to become a porter it's taking
testosterone to become a boy yes and
then now is forced to wrestle with women
yes young girls in fact all jacked right
Jack like a boy it's like a boy
wrestling girls crazy probably pop a
boner doing that I don't think she has
one yet oh you can get a little thumb
yeah that's what happens
oh yeah yeah the clitoris gets a little
bit bigger yeah and did that ovary sort
of like start getting suspended in a I
don't know income that he's dropped what
do they do not wonder the wonder if they
remove those parts you know because they
do have direct Amis on women when they
have disease and what if they do that
with a man when a man transitions from a
woman yeah when a man transitions from a
woman yeah when you used to be a woman
and now you're going to a deer's yeah
what do they do I just can't wait to the
day where they can do it genetically
where a woman really becomes a woman
like a man becomes a woman or a woman
becomes a man but guess what even if
they do here's the issue if you knew
that a woman took steroids for 30 years
and developed insane tendon strength and
muscle strength and then stopped doing
steroids it is a scientific fact that
you are going to keep a very big
percentage of those gains what are the
game what is the percentage at 30% at
40%
whatever the fuck it is whatever
percentage that you would keep after you
get off the steroids that is significant
even if you're not currently on these
performance-enhancing drugs your body
has been artificially boosted to this
superior level yeah through these drugs
yeah and you lose a lot of the feminine
you know you lose the breasts yes and
that might not come back well I mean a
thing if you take estrogen the probably
calorie I don't know our fucking doctor
I'm a moron
but what I do know is when this is we're
in nonsense land yeah okay it's not is
it not saying that someone can't become
a woman and be a woman and call them a
woman I'll treat him like a woman I'm
cool with it I'm a hundred percent cool
with it right I mean as open-minded as I
come with this but this is this is
unfair for women which is what's so
ironic about this yeah
because everyone's supposed to be
looking out for women if you're looking
out for women but you're also blindly
progressive to the point where you let
and shit like this flow
well now you're not looking out for
women right because now women are in
this weird position where you putting
them at an unfair disadvantage right
fucking crazy I agree god damn it makes
me want to drink real Heineken no they
just sent this stuff to me it's good
yeah I used to love how they can light I
talked about that subject a little bit
too much but it's just it's a symptom of
a sick society and it's a symptom of a
lack of rational thinking it's a symptom
of people just just be bending over
backwards so hard to be progressive and
open-minded that you're just you're
giving in to these extremists these
crazy people that are looking at this
thing completely delusional II when will
it snap back it's coming Trump
that's why Trump's president that is
he's gonna win again yeah I know he's
gonna win again of a who can beat him
they're not gonna be there's no one who
can right he's gonna win again he's
gonna win again because of shit like
this the more shit like this happens
there's a after chump
I mean it's another four years son
Donald June Donald Donald Jr was with a
friend of a friend of mine his name is
crispy and he's a disabled veteran or
he's very able I should say yeah but
he's a wounded veteran he's missing he
had his leg amputated burns over most of
his body a super positive attitude great
guy anyways he doesn't get political
online he took a picture with Donald
Trump jr. right and Instagram took it
down for violating their Terms of
Service
it's just a photo picture of just photo
with president's son yeah photo with him
a trump jr. just stand-in there and they
took the picture down Thanks
what that's what are you doing yeah did
they ever when they do that that they
give you a reason or they just do what
they want well he posted it on his he
sent me a direct message about it too
yeah I asked I actually reached out to
him cuz I'd follow him and he follows me
and I was like does this shit real and
he's like yup and he's super positive
about it I mean this thing I served our
country to and he's a great guy like his
his Instagram handle is crispy
11b okay yeah and he just put it up
there
and they said that they got him for
Terms of Service and they took it down
he put it back up again good good for
him so this is the photo right here let
me say when asked Instagram says that
they didn't do it so they didn't do it
but who took it down that said however
an Instagram spokesperson told Fox News
the post was reviewed but was not
deleted by the company after found the
post did not violate their standards but
that's not true because it's missing
spokesperson said that there are a
number of reasons a post may no longer
be available including the account
holder deletes either the account or the
post the cut he's saying you didn't do
that so it could have been something
else
mmm I mean you can't prove it yeah I
don't know well that this dude is not an
attention whore and you wouldn't do that
he wouldn't do that in lie about it
that's ridiculous I'll make Twitter
Instagram could be lying
I mean it's not really it could be a
glitch too yeah you know sometimes it's
a fortuitous glitch that looks like a
massive conspiracy yeah but he said they
sent him notice it said it violated the
terms of services so if he said that
he's okay yeah that that's what was said
back to I'm pretty sure that's the
screenshot you want to make sure that
says you violated something yeah that's
what you want I mean it's just so weird
what's going on now it's just everything
just seems so fucking preposterous
yeah just like on Facebook Twitter all
that stuff if I get if it's something
negative I just you know that's gone I
don't I don't let I don't let people
just start bashing me on that stuff I
just okay here it is once I landed I
opened up Instagram and got a message
that your post was taken down for
violating Instagram guidelines so did he
post that yes he did well there you go
wait a minute let me see they did yeah
he posted the thing saying it ok here's
what he posted yeah it said wounded
veteran violated community standards by
posting with Donald Trump jr. he didn't
post the actual notification but he
probably didn't even save it right and I
would yeah he's I believe maybe you're
right it is a sad and just like
overzealous employees I think there's no
oh yeah
I think there's a huge company yeah I
mean you anybody could go broke at any
minute and just do
what that wonder what do they want you
think the reading dick picks who's been
fucking with them on the other way the
other way around someone could have just
flagged it by a bunch of bots it's just
made up disappear all right to get a
reaction like this yeah so it could be
simple as that can you do that sure so
if you just had a bot they do Instagram
review it manually before they delete it
no I take it down it happens on other
accounts for that doesn't read get
reviewed that way that just got taken
down because it got flagged so many
times I don't know well that's one thing
that we did learn from talking to Jack
Dorsey the CEO of Twitter like it's
impossible to manage
there's too many ghosts they're going up
right now by the thousands like if you
could see everyone everyone in America
posting on Twitter right now be like ah
explosion oh my god ones and zeros just
busting all over the place and text just
check what do you think like if you were
to grab somebody's phone the most
popular person that gets the tweeted the
most just emotion at it just looked at
it yeah how fast would that go you know
nothing like just that that one account
Oh be insane maybe yours boy goes yeah a
lot of the people yeah yeah I follow a
lot of other people I just filed
whenever things someone's interesting so
he's got cool pictures a follow guy yeah
yeah hit like first yeah let me see yeah
so what else this person's make sure
they're not whacked it's really funny as
people get mad at you for certain people
you follow yeah people that you stop
following are Kelly now don't tell me
what to do right that's first of all
first of all don't tell me what to do
second of all what am i doing am i
boosting up his profile
yeah he's fucking art Kelly no doesn't
matter if I follow him if I don't I want
to know how crazy he is that's right
dude did you see Tyrone
Tyron Woodley UFC top welterweight
former champion had a thing on his
Instagram page of him watching are Kelly
getting interviewed where he was he was
who was denying that he knows how to
hog-tie
people play this play this all interview
yeah it's crazy shit ain't funny but
Dawg that's great he's not using
confidence tonight I follow our Kelly
for the same reason yeah that I loved
Real Talk watch this video real talk we
played it on the podcast multiple times
Real Talk is one of the greatest
unintentional comedies that's ever been
real Tom Real Talk
it's in it oh my god what is it it's an
r kelly song okay where he's an argument
with his girlfriend on the phone while I
was girlfriend the phone he's like
getting his hair done and shit he's
smoking stogies drinking it's got like
different outfits on yeah he's still in
the conversation and there's one part
where he goes bitch I wish you would
talk bitch
I wish you had burned my motherfucking
listen I absolutely feel for any person
that he's victimized
oh absolutely do you get what you cannot
deny that shit is fuckin where that shit
is hot oh yes there is
oh they just played that
would you try the name trifling-ass is
the best is the best african-american
saying of all trifle trifling trifling
and it's one that why people cannot use
its to I pronounce it too good that word
that word as much as the only n-word
right stop trifling you can't be
trifling you can't you can't right now
to the G and trifling yeah you can
tackle it yeah that's why white people
are not allowed to use exactly he's out
there trifling he's not there trifling
again shit this is a bullshit trifling
well here's the thing but gay guys use
trifling
I bet gay guys will pull it out I came
over there with this trifling ass no it
sounds like a rifle that you travel with
it's a trifle it yeah look it's a travel
rifle they're thinking abandon those
good for long range don't bring a trifle
with how many people do you think had to
live it up before Webster had to like
answer this question what is a trifling
effort laugh lacking in significance or
solid worth such as a frivolous trifling
be trivial a trifling gift see chiefly
dialectical my god lazy shiftless in a
trifling fellow a trifling fellow that's
the most English thing very winding
fellow he's a trifling fellow don't
bring your ass over here without
travelling hello yeah that's a word bro
so that's a legit word trifling shit was
gonna say something else like what did
we talk about right before it caught my
heart Kelly Kelly yeah I like that point
he did an album where it was a lot of
just talking oh trapped in the closet
yeah yeah I think Aziz had a whole thing
on that I did it like Aziz Ansari did a
bit on it I believe so I know you had a
bit yeah about our Kelly it might have
been about trapped in the closet yeah
trap the closet is great but it can't
fuck with real talk really the jam have
you seen a show
Weird Al Yankovic's trapped in a
drive-through no it's really good
no it's the same length as our Kelly's
trapped in the closet and it's the same
and it's all about being trapped and a
McDonald's drive-through because the
personal firm's taken too long and it's
like he did the whole style is this
website yeah yes respect commitment it's
animated oh my god that's hilarious
which one is this Weird Al has been
around for a long time man yeah I mean I
remember when Michael Jackson's beat it
came out and he had eat it eat it yeah I
mean that was mad it was unfair yeah
yeah what year was that that's kind of
might have been the A's it's gotta be
late eighties early night yeah it is
y'all a name is real out real how old is
here Weird Al's gotta be 85 years old
what yeah 12 yeah back then his first
song aired in 1976
what he was that big on Dustin 6 yeah
that's insane uh-huh so he was really
young dr. Dement dr. Demento never
listen I was a kid but that's uh
they played always weird goofball nerdy
songs yeah and he was the king of it he
has a huge following now he said like
he'll sell out places weird out yeah
that makes sense yeah
yeah so means giant body of work yeah I
like his hair too he's got the tail he's
a super nice guy too yeah and smart I've
heard yeah yeah whatever once marked
yeah he's a good dancer too accepts his
gender you know I like he's not trifling
that's what it's definitely not trifling
yeah that's a word it's like there's
certain words like that one you just
seem so ridiculous if you try to use it
oh this is what I was gonna say yeah we
were talking about we weren't even
talking about this but my daughter is
watching these YouTube videos of this
there's this young gay fellow that does
makeup tutorials
oh yeah okay he's enormous
like he's enormous you know he probably
gets more views in any network show
that's ever been created how old was
this fellow he's young he's like 20 okay
what do you say Jim I'm trying to
realize if I should bring this up he I
just the last thing that popped in my
head during Coachella
he got accused of being in this viral
video that happened it wasn't him but
there's a the ferris wheel all Coachella
have you ever seen that dude I'm talking
about no it's a big famous thing that
people take pictures in front of during
a concert you could see a silhouette of
somebody getting head in there and it's
two guys oh really it's a very vivid
video that was going went super viral on
Twitter that night and they were saying
it was him yeah
how dare they he's all about makeup not
head bitches we apply your lipstick
achieve it clean but it's hilarious my
sister only my sister my daughter sits
in front of the TV cackling yeah it just
really going oh is it supposed to be
funny
she thinks it's funny yeah she thinks
her laughter I don't know yeah I mean
he's covered in crazy makeup I think
what she was laughing at though in all
fairness was he was making fun of
someone subscribers 6 million 16 million
oh my
I think he was making fun of people that
put on too much makeup okay so he was
going crazy with yes he thought it was
really funny that is fucking banana 16
million people and he's doing makeup
tutorials hey that's great he looks
great
that's the thing it's like we there's an
Kardashian all kinds of shit like this
that you would have never expected yeah
and because the access because on-demand
access especially like through a
computer is so easy it's so easy to just
type in the next thing yeah I read but
just what's next just pops up yeah so
like these people that know network in
their right mind like NBC would never
say hey that young guy let's get that
guy to do a makeup show the but get the
fuck out of the office you don't know
shit about readings
8 million subscribers that's crazy
that'd be a fun game to play as like
what rabbit hole would YouTube send you
down if you typed in this I just let it
keep going
that's on its own those algorithms they
the real problem is people think that a
lot of those algorithms are essentially
designed to get you angry Oh
pissed off see what's the next thing
tick yeah yeah our children what are
they teaching our children next yeah
this is the problem with the illegal
immigration I knew there's a fucking
problem next thing you know you're just
more and more angry yeah that's like the
argument with Facebook too is that
they're set they're trying to figure out
what gets people to engage and so the
algorithm realize what you engage with
and then that's what they show you more
and what gets people to engage is shit
that makes them mad yeah yeah totally
it keeps me wanting to i watch you fight
videos on Facebook all day
do you really know just like you know
like brawls in a schoolyard or like you
know just it just keeps going I'm like
oh man what's gonna happen here well you
know I'm not I don't do much of the
fighting so when I see it it's like oh
this is interested who's gonna win this
one and I couldn't you know what that
the underdog yeah I enjoy watching it
yeah I mean I will watch them I wanna
watch it Chuck it's obviously someone's
about to die right that's good like her
couple punches to the face well the best
ones are when someone deserves it
yes so those the ones you enjoy yeah
someone's being a real dick yeah
someone's like listen man you're being a
dick yeah I just saw as a guy oh no it
was a I want to say like an old Middle
Eastern couple they're on a subway and
this dudes like smack and his wife in
the face like then and there's this
other guys he's across from him and he's
recording it and he's like no not not in
front of me and he walked over there and
say he ate oh like eight times to stop
and then I'm just punching the shit out
of him so it's nice to see it you know
yeah there's one big area okay it's like
a bus and some guys running his mouth to
this old white guy who's obviously a
like an ex Vietnam vet
and he's telling like just leave it
alone man leave it alone and he comes
down there and then he walks up to the
front and he just beats the shit out of
him and you just see blood coming out of
his face and it's like you know he
started this he engaged that whole thing
the guy was walking away and then he was
like just once
yeah those are the best ones yeah when
someone deserves it yeah
how many like that's the thing about
like a guy smacking his wife in public
yeah like how often does he smack her
that he's so confident that he'll just
smack her yeah everybody right like if
it must be he must think it's acceptable
and everyone else was cool with it
I must think that he could just get away
with things yeah sometimes people just
think they can get away with things yeah
it was a there was not many people on
that bus in this video I think I wasn't
even paying attention to it or that most
people are just gonna be too scared to
say anything yeah that's what I mean
death this is where it gets real scary
because that is the best argument for
the end of all privacy is that no one
would ever be able to do anything like
that because the whole world will be
watching
yeah exactly honest like you you might
it depends on what kind of action you
could take yeah if you could literally
see everything that's happening at
anytime everywhere in the world yeah
yeah yeah well now that everyone's got
cams so it's like it's closed it's
closed Yeah right and then they're gonna
have those fucking things cops honest
you're keeping us yeah the people on us
now a little bit until too much alcohol
is involved know this something to it
because if you think about like with
like Kennedy did a speech on secrecy it
was like in 1961 or 62 about how
abhorrent secrecy is how dangerous it is
for a free society and they're basically
talking about secret societies and
secret you know pacts and the government
and he was basically I think a lot of it
was him talking about some of the shady
shit that he experienced in intelligence
agencies and huh but when you have like
kings or when you have people that are
in power like how do they wield that
power one of the ways they wield that
power it's all secrecy if they want to
execute people then I killed
it's all secret right you know no one
that the world is not privy to it like
what happened to him they took him to a
bunker something yeah and then they're
beating the shit out of and torturing
them like North Korea yeah exactly
they're just isolated from the rest of
the world and who knows what the hell
he's doing over there
so if we just know the stuff that he
allows us to know ya know that's the
perfect example yeah of power and
secrecy right now they just take you and
make you disappear he's executed a bunch
of people oh yeah but we don't even know
I'm sure they're over close to the tip
of the iceberg on that I'm sure that
still goes on here too
well yeah I'm sure I'm sure people are
killing people for someone right now
mm-hmm
you know and some of them deserve it
yeah give me an extra one for me
right stop your trifling ass it's it's
all so weird like what will accept
people dying from like I was listening
this podcast where this wolf lady she's
a wolf biologist she was talking to a
friend Steve Rinella on the meat-eater
podcast and she was talking about how we
accept people getting killed by mountain
lions yeah like it's it happens it's
happened twice last year right it
happens it's not it's not really common
but it happens but the moment that
people start getting killed by wolves in
America people gonna get furious really
yeah cuz we they reintroduced wolves all
the 1994 that's right
oh so that's so that's their outrage
that we did that too yeah well she was
basically they were saying it was there
was two really interesting things about
the podcast a lot really interested
things but two that really stood out was
one that the these people they they
reintroduced these animals in 1994 but
there were already some wolves here and
the wolves would have probably
eventually made it down there was it
Yellowstone right yeah yeah yeah but
that we aren't because the fact that
they brought them in and it wasn't just
a natural fixture we have this thing
like Oh somebody ruined this you
somebody fucked this up yeah the other
thing is that they number them instead
of named them mm-hmm because if you name
them it's like there's Dolores aw
Dolores killed some chief we're gonna
have to take her out and we can't kill
not Dolores
number three Wolf one57 right
yeah that's true let's like inmates in
prison just give them nothing
exactly it's easier to kill it easier to
treat them like cattle right so but we
did that one guy killed that mount lat
they fought back yeah that's to be horse
shit I thought right yeah that the male
lion was yeah it was a real kitten and
had been separated from its mom they
think his mom got killed it was really
really small and really young so it
wasn't like I mean he might have it who
knows right ciated yeah yeah if he's
listening right now I'm sorry bro yeah
but I think what happened you're alive
and we're happy love you better not
touch wolves buddy I think it maybe was
starving to death and it took a chance
to try to kill him yeah that's possible
too but it was very small so 30 pounds
which still a 30 pound cat it's fucking
terrifying I never saw pictures of the
cat either because something had ate a
lot of it yeah so did he say how he did
it did he put it like a chokehold or did
he he said I hoped it
oh right stepped on it something like
that oh man yeah I asked if you saw this
thing going around the internet about
this wolf pack being tracked or there's
actually six so much it's like a moving
gif over time but oh yeah I have seen
this it's amazing it shows how they
never cross territories oh cool
six different packs I think yeah they
all establish their territory they mark
their territory and they respect all
respect it yeah let's take over
Minnesota yeah
Minnesota has a shitload of wolves
apparently if it keeps going it's a
picture Jimi Hendrix Wisconsin yeah
Wisconsin is a shitload of wolves
apparently like thousands it was car
yeah yeah I could see that and it's a
lot of you know woods up there and just
yeah land not not many major cities I
think I saw Keith once I think I saw
wolf once but it was you mean like in
the wild yeah it was big it was either a
coyote or was a wolf but I think that
might have been a wolf because it was
just getting dusk and I was in Alberta
and I saw this thing run across the road
that might have been a wolf yeah but I
didn't see a wolf that's the spooky
thing is what are they doing they
circling you they have checking you out
and they're not usually alone right
those are the lone wolf but that's rare
that's an asshole kicked out you ever
seen this video this one's great
no look at the size of this thing comes
out of the woods it walks across the
street look at this oh Jesus
that's a bear that's a bear no that's
wonder what that way that it's a big-ass
wolf that's what that is that's probably
a young 130 pound wolf or some where is
this if I guess this is a no show Russia
yeah it's gotta be Russia that's a
gigantic wolf rushes had real legitimate
problems with wolves
where in Siberia they have these super
packs they would get together like
because they were starving so he'd get
like a hundred wolves who would form a
super pack cuz they could kind of do
whatever the fuck they wanted once they
get that bang
yeah and they started killing horses
yeah go on a horse stables just take
down a horse easy yeah but it's just the
idea that the super packs they realize
it was too hard to just take over shit I
have all these pesky people and their
guns and houses yeah
so they got desert fucking horses though
Siberia has always been an interesting
believes in Russia no they know have you
you do up there 1990 Yeah right before
communism fell I was there for three
weeks well before communism yeah yeah we
do a Chavez uh in power whoa yeah it was
a spy yeah pretty uh putting my jewels
would you say I said hello I don't
understand please and thank you lords I
remember it was this program founded by
dwight d Eisenhower in the 40s of its
called people to people where they stood
the youth of America to other countries
to hang out with that youth to promote
world peace and that's all it is and
certain kids from high schools are
selected and you get a Washington DC
first for three you know for three days
they briefed you and then you go to
another country and ours was Russia
there's awesome had
great time Wow yeah and I told Bert
Kreischer that - you know cuz he has the
whole machine story I said I feel like I
can't tell my Russian story because
you've you've owned it so much with your
machine stolen and if I do anything
about this then it's gonna look like oh
okay you too huh yeah you gotta rush the
story do you should tell it yeah yeah
people want to hear it they'll
understand then I figured I kind of got
in trouble cuz I was trading illegally
on the black market over there well we
don't on purpose I didn't know it's
doing it because you a story cause a
copy like tell me more that's kind of
what happened this dude I was talking to
is after like a function that we were at
you know where they would go to the some
town some village and they'd come and
they'd greet you with bread and salt and
they would dance around and you would
just eat with them and hang out or
whatever and so I was just talking this
kid you know they speak perfect English
you know we're the ones who don't speak
Russian so this kids trying to teach me
Russian cuss words and I thought he's
pretty coolest before the Internet
you know so I have a bunch of these ink
pens that my mom gave me from the phone
company where she works she goes just
give him ink pens they love anything
with English writing on it anything
American they're gonna love it
bubble gum jeans ink pens so I was like
yeah dude let's let's be pen pals
so exchanging addresses you know like
I'll keep in touch with you why not and
I give him a pin and he gives me his
address and what I don't know is this
dude's already kind of in trouble with
cops over there for trading illegally on
the black market I had no idea
and this cop just grabbed both of us the
drags us into the hotel and no one saw
me from my group get grant by the way
because I was off doing my own little
thing that this dude right learning
Russian cuss words so we go into this
office in this hotel and they're just
cussing each other in Russian and I
don't know what the hell's going on I'm
like dude what what is this I'm my own
big trouble here I mean you know he goes
it does little shits not to worry about
that this is bullshit and they scream
some more now the cop doesn't speak
English and so he's basically my
translator this guy's - the cop I'm like
hey man I'm with this group you know I
don't know what's going on and so he
kicks that kid out the Russian cop and
now it's just me and this Russian cop
and I'm looking at him and he's looking
at me and he looks at my bag with all
these ink pins and he's like he goes
like this he's like was
let me see you know like all you want a
pen so I hand him a pen and he looks at
it is that kind of cool he puts it in
his desk and he goes away and he comes
back with this big-ass Russian pendant
sickle and Hammer thing with the wings
coming out of pretty cool looking thing
and he's handed it to me then he goes
like this so he technically arrested me
for trading and then he traded with me
yeah 1990s when that happened that's
pretty crazy it was fun to see all that
shit though right before it fell did you
see like lines in the street for food or
anything crazy like that yeah not well
yeah we saw linens we went to Red Scare
Square Lenin's tomb we went to some
smaller little danke villages went
swimming and the knee put a river right
close to where Chernobyl was like 50
miles from Chernobyl and whoa so but
yeah there was you definitely tell it
was definitely some poverty going on
here and there but not not to the
extreme that you hear you know I didn't
see like these lines around buildings or
toilet paper or anything like that but
you know that's what it was communism
was on its way out too so it wasn't in
the worst part of it but it was
definitely an experience I was 18 when I
went over there there's a picture of me
in Red Square and I'm well I got acid
washed jeans
I got a Bugle Boy t-shirt on and I'm
wearing a fanny pack with deck shoes and
I'm just doing like this so that was fun
man yeah that's got to be a hell of a
flight to right take to get the wrong we
went to Germany first long layover there
for like three hours
Frankfurt and then the house so yeah I
couldn't even tell you how long that
thing was it's been a long time
37 now that is an interesting country to
me it's always been an interesting
country because it gets so fucking cold
and suddenly there are hard people and
they create all these amazing fighters
there's so many great fighters and
wrestle and wrestlers that have come out
of Russia former Soviet Union dragged
off rocky five over four and four yeah
it was scary
didn't it was a new Creed Rocky's yeah
you know that I've heard I haven't seen
it yet yeah Drago's son
is ya fighting who is this breed son do
we know the hacker
the Creed guy no though I think you know
the son of Drago I don't know some
Russian cat okay
already famous over here I don't you
think so I don't think so yeah there's
the guy look at him cool yeah this is
son this is my son like a badass it does
he's still a badass I'm sure that this
is Joe is perfectly square that is like
a damn square how much bigger my groggy
Christ how tall is Sylvester I don't
know
I mean met him yes yes um I think he's
about five nine he's taller than me I'm
5/8 okay so he's either five nine or 510
okay so that well the drug out must be
huge like hotels say he is cuz everybody
was jokes Ron says he's 511 or he's five
seven five five five but they do that
with everybody
yeah they do it Tom Cruise yeah it says
510 see that makes sense
so he's two inches taller than me 510
yeah okay
well yeah I think I'm five nine I don't
know how that measured myself in a while
how tall do you think I am I think about
that about five nine yeah in high school
I always built like if I've dated 911 or
bigger now we're old people that are
small and as people get bigger and
bigger these kids today that are getting
hitting puberty when they're six yeah
there's the hormones in the meat
six-five mm-hmm who's excite it probably
accentuated his height for that that's
seen well that's just his hair is five
inches look at that hair looks like he's
almost like a foot taller than them yeah
isn't it yeah yeah they probably had
they probably had him in heels and home
barefoot or something for that shot
didn't they say like at one point
they're in this movie rocky said go
ahead and uh go ahead hit me for real
one time just what you know something it
look real because they were always like
you know they're like an inch apart and
the swings and it almost hit him to the
hospital like he gave him the chance
that's right yeah he talked about that
it almost stopped his heart ah my dear
doll friend
right he's a professional yeah he's a
kick box kickboxer yeah really good
semester stolen Lungren put me in the
hospital during rocky for yeah yeah
don't let people hate you bro
I guess I won't have to even use the
clip right he also has like screws in
his neck from doing the Expendables oh
yeah yeah what do you got Jamie
he's been intensive care for five days
because of that wolf with nuns walking
around Jesus Christ Wow an insurance
company would not pay out until after
they saw the footage of the incident
once they did they wrote the check I
want to see that footage he saw what I
see that punch
he hit my heart so hard that it banged
against my ribs and started to swell and
that usually happens in car accidents
that guy could punch he's a beast man
he's a giant dude why would he ever he's
a serious striker like he knows how to
throw shots if you watch him in his
movies he's he's obviously trained yeah
I want to see that footage I want to see
that punt out it's got to be out there
what if Sylvester Stallone wouldn't let
anybody handle see it alright this one's
too embarrassing the weight cried grapes
and falls down loses her breath you can
never be an action hero again if
somebody sees you cry that's true right
if some Suze like legitimately cry from
a liver shot
why shitting yourself is probably the
most embarrassing thing a person can do
right yeah
like a guy who's known for being
handsome and debonair
yeah there's no control of rings shoot
yourself in your car while you're
driving you know white leather seats
that's the worst it's it's gonna happen
to say it happens everybody this is
gonna be a time in your life if you eat
risky yeah right yeah think of the most
handsome person in the world there's a
woman on the world splash it all over
herself
point in her hotness heyday most likely
do you remember that I don't like
thinking about what was the Woody
Harrelson movie was that was he's
throwing up was it
Woody Harrelson movie where he played
the bowler oh yeah oh kingpin kingpin
yeah that was a milkman scene right
there wasn't a shit scene in that that
was I'm thinking of Dumb and Dumber
there is a shit seen it well he's
bullshitting in the urinal that's about
it really
oh yeah it's not a Farrelly Brothers
movie done the dumber has big kissing -
with Jeff Daniels that's right yeah what
he's that's what I'm thinking that's
laxative in his yeah where he's hanging
on to the toilets yeah like he's gonna
get shot to orbit
yeah they got all those weird noises
yeah because Jim Carrey was healing his
girl yeah he poisoned poison his friend
yeah that's it right there there it has
full on but kingpin but that was it a
Farrelly Brothers movie that's um that's
one of my all-time favorite comedy
movies Jane panting that's a great guy
it's great I remember loving it
but I haven't seen it in so long I need
to go look at it looked at it I'm scared
to watch movies that I love again you
can see them in like the light of 2019
and go yeah yeah this is terrible yeah I
know that's happened a couple times it
happens yeah right
yeah you remember them so fondly yeah
look at that don't worry look at that
hair that hair is amazing yeah who's
such a good movie with like some hair
makeup had to go like I'm sure that was
his decision we're gonna take your hair
just fan out randomly it looked like a
spoiler on a Fiero there before dogs on
pad yeah yeah like a little Trump thing
going on there it's very similar
professional bowler now and a PBA that
has a full-on orange afro right now
we're on and he's like really good and
he's from my hometown yeah see if you're
a bowler you got to do something like
stand out wear like purple glitter each
clothes or something that's smart that's
just Brandon he's peacock and he's like
there is that dude's from Hickory North
Carolina see that's why he wears that
shit
got it well he's got to I mean how the
fuck else do you get luncheon when
you're a bowler it's exactly like that
might be the only way to save bowling
they might have to like go like roller
derby just knock into each other whether
yeah they were bored of bowling that
I've never sat down and watched bowling
Ari's got a good friend Tommy what's his
name he's a professional bowler real
nice guy met him at a couple of shows
okay but this guy's are a real pro
bowler you know we were talking about
like the financial opportunities of
bowling and it's not good like pro pool
players surprised it sucks it sucks
Ari's friend I'm sorry this heavy boldly
recently I bowled my kids yeah that's
fine bald yeah dilutes maybe I think
that's it yeah Tommy blues I think
that's it you guys go with was uh yep
that's him did turn percent there's
already a bowl yeah he's good guy real
fucking killer bowler do you can you
make it curve no yeah he was prize team
role that mother I do too right damn
middle I'd do it as hard as humanly
possible or it's just disturbing for
people to watch and now they have it
they have two miles per hour up there
you can see how fast it's like a damn
you know yeah like a pigeon thing I'm
trying to get that bitch fast yeah I
just want to smash those things I get
annoyed it the guys who like curve it
really good like he goes way over here
that just whips real fast in a gutter
ball
oh okay all that from fucking note the
fuck duh look at all that you did shitty
whip watch but now watch me right down
the middle strike to me bowling was
always like breaking in pool it's like
yeah it's cool to break the balls but
the real cool thing is to play the game
like this is you just breaking the balls
over and over again it's the same look
every time
yeah it's home well it's like bowling
yeah bowling you're just breaking the
balls that's all you're doing like when
you're bowling you got pins just
knocking down the pins the exact same or
you it's the same guy
every time yeah and I know the
combinations are different than the way
they collide and the where you impact is
different but it's still the same thing
it's a dumb game
sorry and my grandfather was a big
boulder man in bold leagues and he had
trophies in his house and shed he said
love bowling when I was like a little
kid I was analyzing bowling because he'd
take me bowling with him I was like this
isn't a nonsense game yeah this games
nonsense do it just so you can smoke and
drink there's a thing that they have in
the East Coast in Boston that they don't
even have anywhere else
it's called candlepin bowling you ever
see that shit
it's which smaller version dude that you
you ball with a softball that sounds
more fun to me but it's huge in the East
Coast
of hometown Ohio they've got a few
places actually this gigantic bars that
they have all these lanes for this thing
in for candlepin bowling
yeah it's called pins or something I was
looking down on that because I came from
my grandfather in New Jersey I bowled
regular bowling like a fucking American
right and then I wove er what's this
candle and bullshit like would you guys
steal this from Finland or something
what is that nonsense shape that one
throwing rocks the throwing rocks at
pins I found I was talking about the bar
this is not what you're talking about
well I mean it is but it's it's way
smaller and it's really just like a bar
game oh no this have like five lanes or
ten lanes Nico but but it's this same
game yeah yeah they should have bowling
in New England don't have like bowling
alleys and you know let's go Bowl and
like all we're candlepin only people
like what candlepin only bowling alleys
yeah so we're gonna like these candles
that's what I want
stead of our fire it only works on the
East Coast for some reason there's like
a few those things like how about this
high light oh fuck people go that ball
goes fast right it's nice actually it's
way smaller and I was thinking in my
head of furniture bowling kinda yeah
okay ball to ball a little bit yeah so
it's kind of like an open bowling but
the candle pins are the pins are
different they're shaped like candles
that's why it's called candlepin bowling
if you look at them they're thin pins or
not they're not like fat on the bottom
that's like why are we even here
hmm Boulder not make a commitment
highlight I think is one of the most
corrupt games oh yeah someone someone
tried to tell me explain I was Joey he
was explaining to me how highlight works
that it's all about gambling and the
only reason why it works is that people
are betting on the games and so because
people are betting on the games they get
these guys these guys just fucking miss
it on purpose and they do yeah it's like
it's rigged I might be wrong if you're a
highlight player you like this podcast
again hey I get my information from the
Church of what's happening I go look at
that damn glove it's look how they play
with that it looks like somebody with a
one long freaky nail are they they're
holding it right it's not like wrapped
around their wrist yeah they're holding
it like oh how much more fun would be if
he watched a baseball game where the
picture just had that thing boy that
looks so stupid this game looks so dark
I don't know they're throwing it off the
wall and then another guy catches it I'm
gonna throw it and but there's somebody
here to get hit in the face pretty quick
they're putting forth a minimum effort
even when he falls down it's like that
guy he's falling down like he's trying
to get a foul oh yeah he done it looks
like he flopped yeah soccer
the soccer flops oh he soccer flopped it
that's why soccer never make it in
America the flop you can't get out you
have 30 years of flopping you can watch
it on TV we know what you do you know
though I think it's catching on the NFL
and the NBA flop they're starting to
flop a little bit more because they see
what happened isn't somebody analyzed
who's the free throw did they analyze
there was someone that an Allah there
was an ESPN analyst who analyzed what's
the guy's name with a big crazy beard
really good basketball player Oh
from the Clippers oh go to I don't know
what literally don't know shit go to
Andrew Salt Schultz's I think it's Kevin
Durant
is that it Andrew Salt Schultz's go to
Andrew Sol Schultz's inst Twitter page
so he he had it up on his Twitter and I
watched it I watched the analysis the
difference between him one
he's challenged and he throws a
free-throw verses unchallenged
well he's hard with the beard I'm James
Harden blank okay we've been challenged
meaning someone's trying to block him or
he has a free open shot when he has a
free open shot he just jumps up in the
air and does his three is three-pointer
but when he's challenged he throws his
legs up to hit the other person so he
could fall down on his ass like a leg
kick ass move
well he's not even in son even a self
defense move he's like making he's
forcing contact with the person so that
he can fall down so it looks like yeah
it's interesting so like so here you'll
see him this guy watch watch no one's
there watch watch he jumps he jump
straight up in the air straight up just
straight up in the air and this guy
analyzes several shots where he does
this on him and then then they show when
he's contested right and when he's
contested he jumps up in the air and
look he throws his body weight forward
and all falls down so in the hopes that
there'll be a foul yeah yeah they're
saying like if you look at the way his
body moves when someone's contesting him
he moves when leaning his legs towards
them to make contact you think that's
involuntary or voluntary could be
involuntary I see the problem is that
pencil-neck dork fucking pushing that
not this is he's specifically known
especially like in the last two or three
years for getting himself to the
free-throw line right at a way higher
clip than they'd almost anybody in
history so like that's what they're also
saying like you can't fault him for that
I was using the rules of the game sure
to play the game right so this guy is
exactly was this guy who's examining
this you know he's got van pelvic Center
guy so the head sports center guy is
analyzing this and he's realizing that
the legs are moving in a direction
towards the other player because the
guys they're witches might exactly be
what he's doing it might be that or it
might be that he has a different
reaction when someone's in front of him
he almost wants to kick the guy away
from him yeah I don't know most times
fouled a three-point attempt Diaz 9550
more than anybody in LA so yeah I'm
going with Scott Van Pelt yeah I made it
a rule to cuz you perfect there's a big
thing that happened over the weekend in
their game cuz you have to give the guy
a space to land because a couple years
ago there
a couple of defensive players that got
in trouble for hurting people they're
getting their ankles turned ruining
their career which is then ruining this
team's chances to a championship lots of
money involved yeah they made it's a
flagrant foul like it's very bad to do
that mm and the referees all of a sudden
didn't didn't call this on Sunday like
the very first time all year they
stopped calling it that's why they're
talking about it really and they stopped
calling it because people are taking
advantage of it why they stopped calling
it is the big question people are
literally talking about for 48 hours
like why are they doing this bringing up
the question of like are the officials
really involved in the game and it's
become a big discussion about another
reason why I won't watch it do you watch
sports i watch football that's it yeah
do you worry about brain damage well
yeah cause it's gonna rule the NFL do
you look at it differently sorta way do
you look at it differently than you did
like before that concussion movie uh
well I played high school football IV
I've got hit so hard that I've seen
stars and that kind of stuff that I
think that could happen I don't look at
it differently to answer your question
no no I think it you know they might
change the helmets and they've tried
that over the years do you member it
like it was just leather helmets there
was less concussions because you would
not lead with your head exactly now you
have a weapon on your head and people
have used this such and so I would love
you know how they do throwback uniforms
let's go I mean let's go throwback
equipment you know a helmet back on take
that take that stupid face mask off
you really should but you'd have to
change so much you'd have to change so
much in the way people there's so many
different factors the way the practice
out there they set up plays yeah it
would have to be a new game I don't
think it's gonna happen
I think the perception of the helmet
being safer fucked the game up I really
think did but you know alright I used to
think that bare-knuckle boxing like they
should have bare knuckles in the UFC but
then I've been watching this
bare-knuckle boxing stuff and people get
cut up so bad mm-hmm now I'm thinking
you know what it's better to have padded
knuckles it's better yeah it's better
for the fighters well that helmets were
padded they just weren't like a hard
shell mm-hmm shell is what they did you
know you used it as a weapon so that's
literally the only way you're gonna be
able to stop some of the
brain damage yeah and you're still not
gonna be able stop they're still
colliding into each other they say these
guys are getting brain damage from
getting hit in the chest yeah they're
getting hit in the chest in the head
snaps and it rains washing around inside
their skull well they're changing I
think maybe like a younger like little
leg now it's like you can't do tackle
football until a certain age so now
everyone's you know it's all flag
football to a certain age I think yeah
that'll probably happen and yeah and
then the practices will be different
where we only do pads once a week love
it for the real game will be amazing if
they ever came up with something that
definitively fixed it like some
stem-cell treatment or something like
that that regenerated brain tissue and
bring you back to your normal state
right if they do that then we now have
to worry about anymore right
but until that man oh that's gotta be
around the corner that's close I think
that's a very complex question of how to
regenerate neural tissue brain tissue
how to get rid of all those abscesses
and all those things you see in those
people's brains that have CTE they
develop these like holes in their brain
yeah it's serious shit yeah
it's um wild a sport though did you play
football no no no I wrestled in high
school I was a little mad I wasn't that
I've wrestled a higher 34 pounds yeah a
bit of good
fuck fuck out of here there's another
show the fastest guys are small and just
I wasn't that fast runner I was fast
kicking and punching and stuff it wasn't
really that faster runner didn't do a
lot of running but when I was in high
school when I was wrestling they were
trying to tell me to like the coach
coach Murphy he was also the wrestling
coach he was also the football coach and
he's like oh come on you're a sick fuck
you should you should play football yeah
and I was like dude that guy plays
football we have this heavyweight his
name is Bobby Baker he was 300 pounds he
was enormous he was so big I was like
he's not squashing me the fuck out of
here the hardest I've ever been hit was
by a little did in practice
probably like five seven and he just he
was a DB and it was a practice always
like third-string running back and there
like I was just running up the gut and I
was falling into the end zone
right it was over and this okay he had a
running start like 20-yard headstart and
it was like he came up from out of the
ground with file didn't locked me back
up well that's the hardest I've ever
been hit was my little guy so you know
think about speedy momentum he'd oh yeah
when I went torpedo yeah with a hard
helmet he led with that helmet but you
know how fast like a really good athlete
can run and just think of all that mass
behind them I just yeah yeah that's the
way those guys get hit and the amount of
force behind them getting it's probably
unlike anything in sports other than a
car accident right yeah yeah that's Carl
I think they should bring they should
you know how hockey that you still fight
in hockey uh NASCAR fights yeah pull out
in the pit stop lets Duke it out let's
yeah let's if there's a caution and
everyone else was lapping you got two
guys but have a beef pull over and get
out of a car whoa in the middle of the
infield with grass we have a wrestling
ring and it's like full-on let's go get
in the rink we'll get it we'll give you
two minutes and then if you win that
match maybe you get a little time
shaving off you know so it's uh there's
advantage to uh I'd watch that more if
it were like half wrestling half mast
put the hot your Libre mask on NASCAR's
a weird one right because it's it's
obviously fun to watch it's fun to be
there but it's not as fun as Formula One
you watch Formula One you're like well
these guys are going way faster one of
those wheels yeah yeah I mean that's the
whole nother thing yeah you know those
wheels touch it's over you're in the air
right yeah these guys NASCAR law that
happens it's fine it's true that one
wheel Wow yeah and those guys died yeah
well just NASCAR guys do too yeah not as
much anymore but me that anybody's
driving a fucking car going fast can die
what am I saying
but there's something but if you ever
see the video between they show gt3rs
racing versus Formula One racing it's
the same track and they show a gt3 car
like a Porsche going around this car
really fast and then they show the same
exact path being taken by a Formula One
car you're like Jesus watches like a
yeah one on the left at 200 we how much
faster they are now what's the okay
that's the same track the same track
exact same turn look how much goddamn
faster they are bats look at that it's
so much cargo it on the right that's the
same it seems amazing yeah and if ik
line he's cutting see how the line the
perfect racing line is cut into the
groove like you can see that darkness
yep yep that's a bunch of talented
drivers no thank you
I think the fastest I've ever been is
like maybe a hundred and fifteen you
ever been on a race track a bit on a
race track yeah yeah but not you know
not a pace car you know
oh nice car yeah yeah but that but the
Daytona 500 has that huge you know that
incline hmm and just being down there
and seeing that standing there next to
it like whoa I didn't know is that steep
you have to go faster you stay on it
then yeah yeah that is pretty wide yeah
and people get hit up there the bump
wheels up there and collide and fucking
spin out yeah look at that thing yeah
yeah that's a serious bang look at that
it's like a wall that is a little turn
to the picture but still what is um what
do you think that degree is like what
angle they've told me before I forget
it's probably like it's pretty serious
though 20 degrees whoa wow that's great
that's exactly that's I mean if you
would be nervous if you're on a
skateboard on that thing you have to go
a certain speed just to stay up on the
probably alright yeah it's such an
American sport man NASCAR so American
because it's loud as fuck yeah the cars
are gross
yeah they look this guy they're so gross
looking yeah they don't look anything
like that how many sponsors are all
right even if you have a really nice car
that's supposed to be the model that
that car is the NASCAR car looks gross
now yeah and they the decal that make
fake headlights
that's a sticker yeah of a headlight why
haven't put that on there yeah what are
we doing lying to me yeah yeah it's a
fascinating piece of equipment though
yeah
that we've decided to make these things
that just drive really fast and then
hurl them around the circle this oval
over 1000 high-tech like every they
count every look the drafting of it they
know it every angle that's you know all
that but back in the day it was just a
couple of good old boys Musha trying to
outrun sap yeah that's that's what I
wanna see
that was hot rotten in its finest that's
what it was that's what I want to say
put moonshine in them cars and that
funny that's where it all came from guys
are trying to figure out how to get the
fuck away from the top yeah used to have
the shiniest cars man yeah you think
they had to chase people in like Caprice
classics that is it with but bench seats
yeah that is the worst car for handling
with dress shoes yeah they make him wear
those stupid shoes yeah yeah he's got
some Nike that's back in the day that's
like that long the days when taro was on
the ocean was Daytona 500 the first
event you know I think so I think well I
don't know I don't know about that I
know that Honda on the sand okay
the first Daytona was on the sand I
believe so these are on the sand yeah
they're driving in the sand this is
crazy they're not going as fast all
those cars are specially convertible
those are the Batmobile they are
convertibles they're comparables Wow
that's what I want to see I'll bring
back the damn convertible in NASCAR I'm
gonna see these dudes faces wonder why
they made them in convertibles yeah well
that got the roll bar yeah but still I
mean I bet it gets too hot in there and
they probably didn't have air
conditioning right yeah that's probably
yeah well it's all fire it's easier to
get out when you don't have a roof yeah
yeah those people probably died in those
things all the time those shitty cars
and if you were a car racer back then
you were gonna crash there's no way
you're gonna you're not gonna keep
together every time what's the fastest
you think you've been in a vehicle well
you know you don't say where what
country is in I don't know this could be
on Germany on the Autobahn in them 100s
yeah yeah there's some really know
no that thing that would have fallen
apart yeah flying off the the the newest
cars though the the problem is there in
this horsepower war where every year
they have to have a faster zero-to-sixty
and now they've gotten to the point
where they're they're ridiculously fast
like the the cars of today like if you
just bought a regular car today it'd be
faster than a muscle car was in the
1970s right and you would even feel it
yeah don't even know even tell you're
going that fast yeah like if you bought
like a Honda Accord today it would
probably handle better and drive faster
than any supercar from 1970 right yeah
probably fight a gas yeah you can't feel
it yeah they're real no way safer yeah
one more boring have you driven a Tesla
no driving I love to those stupid is it
electric cars
zero to sixty way quicker than gas you
wouldn't even believe it I mean it's
gotta be right
yeah it's just instant power instant
power and that one has a four wheel
drive the the tesla model asks 100 d
yeah it's got four four wheel drive and
so it's got an engine in the front and
engine in the rear and it flies yeah
it's so it's it violates physics there
you get like a whiplash and that thing a
roller coaster dude yes you can't
believe how fast it's going it's stupid
and they're making a stupider one
they're making a faster one that goes 0
to 60 in 1.9 seconds yeah it's a Tesla
Roadster it looks dope too looks a
spaceship I would love to have one
do you are you still living in LA where
you got now I moved back to Hickory
North Carolina to him I was out here 18
years just couldn't do any more no well
it was a couple things you know my
career has always been like a roller
coaster ever good years bad years and I
actually just admit I missed my family I
haven't you know I've missed out on a
lot growing up you know so and the
market was really good i had this condo
in Studio City I bought it for a certain
amount and then it's it's it gained
value and I thought well this if I'm
gonna do this now is the time to pull
the trigger mm-hmm and I think I saw you
at the improv one oh yeah I'm out of
here
I'm bouncing yeah
a mile road so much right yeah oh that's
the thing too and the industry's changed
like you know I already have a manager
in an agent's not like I need to be here
for every little audition you know I'll
put myself on tape I got eastbound and
down on a tape
I got Harold and Kumar on a tape you
know and then now yeah the the second
audition yeah you fly up for a bit like
you know getting your foot in the door
that tape I can do that now they just
change so much that's if you want to act
and you guys so much stand up on the
road there's really no reason to be here
unless you just want to perform at the
store all the time that's right yeah so
and I moved back to Hickory and I was
gonna get myself a nice lake house and
Lake Hickory yeah still want to do that
but then soon as I get home you know
Thanksgiving dad has a stroke so I see
that happen that you ever seen someone a
stroke I was looking right at him
that was weird that's a funny guy like I
thought maybe cuz we were gonna eat
Thanksgiving dinner late so like it was
like a 6:00 p.m. thing we were doing to
get other people in the house and so he
was complaining all day about not eating
like I'm hungry we were gonna eat we're
gonna eat I'm looking around adding me
sitting next to the fireplace and he
just like he just like nosedives like
just headfirst right into the hardwood
floor and it was like bump you hear like
a thump that's like ha ha that's making
a joke we haven't eaten yet it's you
know this make the thing about like a
little blood sugar or something and I
was kind of laughing in my brother's
like no he hit really hard his head hit
that floor way too hard for that to be a
joke and then you walk over to him and
arms curling up 1 I was going like that
and it's like this is a stroke and we
called 9-1-1 they came pretty quick but
he suffered some serious brain damage
right here
and so he's paralyzed was left side now
but I was in a weird way happy that I
was at home when this happened because
you know how was still out here that
should happen right I'd be happy hating
life
yeah but the fact that I'm there and
able to help Mom out you know going
through it all this whole thing because
she's got glaucoma and she's got brittle
bones you know she can't visit
lift him up and do stuff and the fact
that we were in the house and able to
help it's crazy
today it was I didn't see the drooping
of the face I didn't see that happen you
know that's what people say when you see
a stroke you see like the drooling
happens yeah like that that fat chicken
Total Recall you know weeks let's see
we're head explodes get ready for our
surprise no he just hit the floor
so have you toured at all since that or
if you just small it's just places I
could I didn't take on extra gigs i but
I didn't cancel the ones I had so the
ones that I could drive to definitely as
well let me go I have a brother who's
there as well so but I definitely didn't
take on anything for you know since
Thanksgiving that it wasn't already
there so yeah yeah it's but he's he's at
a skilled nursing facility now and they
showed us the X right you know the the
MRI of the brain damage that happened he
had a colada artery he's got it now he's
keeps getting UTI infections because he
has a catheter cuz it also it doesn't
just fuck with your muscles
it's the organs on that side too so his
bladders got to relearn how to operate
so he's got a catheter you know and that
that's just opens you up for UTI
infections a lot and those I don't know
if you know that like UTI infections
when you're older like it really
devastates you because you hallucinate
so you see shit oh yeah and it's weird
being in there and you know he was like
hey make sure that bears not out there
like a bear like it keeps hearing or
think there's a bear outside the window
so yeah that I was happy to be back home
for that but that bears where you live
no no not not the skilled nursing
facility I mean it might be some points
yeah yes yeah no but uh yeah hope it for
the best don't go into rehab
occupational therapy physical therapy do
they think that he'll be able to recover
some function on this left side
you know that they always want to get
dangled a little bit of light of hope at
the end of the talk I'll chase but you
know some people recover quickly some
people not at all some people three
years later can recover
you need a yeah three years later yeah I
mean it you know so we're just still
we're still doing all of it John
Singleton just died from a stroke
that's right shit yeah and he was watch
Nifty 151 yeah it could happen to
anybody teenage Luke Perry same thing 51
stroke that's right yeah yeah crazy the
law strokes are happening fuck man
I wonder if those folks smoked
cigarettes well my dad definitely did
yeah yeah yeah they said in cigarettes
contribute pretty heavily to jokes
he used to smoke a lot when he was
younger and then quit you know when he
was in his late 40s you know but that
was a lot you know back then where you'd
smoke at 12 years old or something oh I
don't know if singleton smoked but I do
know Luke Perry did yeah yeah and this
woman that I talked to who is a
neurologist was telling me that that's a
significant factor uh-huh it raises your
chances of stroke pretty significant
yeah so I'm back in hair cream but I
came I'm gonna cut my ideas to come out
here you know for the holidays and keep
doing it right Yeah right and then hit
the store I was there last night yeah it
was good seeing you man you too man
that's that's on the roast battle my
comfort zone - oh it's so mean no I'm
like okay because she's shake hands hug
thing I'm glad they hug - well Brian
Moses the host of it is awesome yeah
he's such a nice guy
then when he does that show it seems
like it's okay yeah cuz he's so nice
like and he's so funny - yeah like him
hosting it it makes it seem like it's
okay and Jeff Ross being there sort of
like let everybody know kind of what the
rules you know are you know listen you
know Jeff's an interesting cat right
like he's really created like roasting
is yeah it's like it's come back he's
carved out that whole niche it's all
hims all him now yeah but it really is I
mean there was so little roasting going
on before Jeff Ross yeah there was the
roasting was a thing of the past was
old Friars Club yeah oh yeah it was like
old Jerry Lewis d'amour and that kind of
stuff you know kind of amazing amazing
yeah they were great I like those guys
are so mean to each other
we were all friends and they were
laughing yeah while it's happening
that's also the difference - it's like
those rows there weren't that many of
them and they were friends like
legitimately friends that's the thing
yeah they already were friends yeah
lottie's Rose smells like who am i doing
ooh right and I'm gonna come out
swinging yep
ya mean no man yeah I feel like I gotta
get to know you before I could realize
bust your balls otherwise I'm just being
a dick exactly but it is just being a
dick but it's really clever yeah it is
being I enjoy it or what am i far you
know yes me too but I think it's a great
joke showcase for joke writing 100% yeah
yeah really good the best ones although
this the quickest right to the joke
brutal you know the guys this guy last
night I pulled out a laptop and was
trying to do some voice created like you
know Stephen Hawking voice or something
and I'm like this is taking too long
it's not working like just the neck the
next guy had like it was like four words
pat pat Pam yeah that's a skill I wish I
had see I'm like I get up there I'm a
goofball I tell stories I'm animated I
move around I bet I envy those guys who
can go but a bing bada boom I wish I had
that skill you could develop that skill
but I haven't gotten better at over the
years but you have a style you have your
own Jon REEP style right and people like
your style though they would be mad like
hey man why you doing that but I'm
anxious guy I like the guy who tells the
great stories he do an impression of a
comedian yeah what do you remember like
when you first started out there was
like a way you thought you had to be
yeah you know did you do anything like
cringy that you look back on now and you
go what was I yeah back then yeah I mean
I used to come out like oh I used to
dance a lot I was the hickory dance
machine the hickory dance machine I
would come out
dancing really the crowds like okay the
whole lot easier what kind of music
what arrow is popular you know something
from jock jams volume to you know snap I
got the power
oh yeah so I come out dance and I made
up stupid little uh I do a shovel dance
a rake dance and mob dance and then I
would stop and do comedy and then I
would get bored with myself and then I
dance again in the middle this is what I
was featuring and then I would dance
again at the end hickory dance machine
my favorite one though this was I'm
actually proud of this dance
it was any guy washing women's laundry
in the 1800's dance it's very specific
that's a guy what look at you oh it's
turning it off look at it so he smells
it well that's before the beard look at
those chins look at that baby face yeah
how are you back then oh this was a week
ago I think Russia that's the theater in
right outside a bakery a place in Lenore
I don't like 700 people Wow yeah yeah
out of shape right there where did you
first start doing Stannah in Raleigh
North Carolina
Charlie goodnight that's a great spot
it's one of that people love it it's
like one of those clubs on the East
Coast days yes it is yeah doesn't
somebody buy that place yeah Brad it was
Tommy Williams forever then he stole it
- Brad Raider Brad reader sold it to the
guys that own helium so that you know
Philadelphia and Portland that Club
chain so now they own it it's just
called good nights now they took the
Charlie off of us us it's still a great
club I don't know charlie good night was
some cow bland I think maybe they didn't
like that what's wrong now boy am it
Charlie's great but you played there
before mm-hmm yeah a bunch times it's
it's hard not to do great net Club but
it's also can kind of you know ruin you
in a weird way if you start out of the
club where everyone kills all the time
cuz you're thinking okay I've got this
well it's been a week I've nailed it
come on world what do you got and then
you go to some other little shitty
one-nighter it's
like no no you can't dance there that's
interesting like why do you think made
it so good was that the dimensions of
the room was it the crowd yes the Town
Council town yeah sounds great
it's a college town yeah it's also the
capital yes you get a mix of like you
know your your politicians your college
professors your students and right
outside of its the rest of the world so
it's a mix of everything and it's really
close to campus too so I don't know I
think it's there just in that Club that
was good at what they did you know like
you go until one night or it's a bar
like I remember the first time I did a
gig outside of a comedy club it was just
a bar there's a pool hall that had a
comedy night and I went there a
Wednesday and then me and I said I got
walk-in were the comedians and they're
looking like oh yeah so we're here for
the show the comedians were like oh shit
that's tonight huh
all right trying to go get that
amplifier so it's like there's a mug are
you kidding me and then you have to tell
people to stop playing pool so you can
tell your jokes right away people hate
you oh yeah I get people to stop playing
pool go back to cut nice Wow yeah that
was your first venture first one outside
of a club was like a one-nighter pool
hall Wow yeah that's a rough first
one-nighter yeah yeah it luckily you
know I only had to do like 10 minutes
but I did that 10 minutes seemed like an
hour Charlie good nights also was a club
that had been around for so long that
it's such a history yes there's so many
comics this time felt everybody came
through there yeah everybody I know
everybody came to everybody so like the
people that lived in that town they were
used to good comedy that's right they
got great comedy every week yeah and
yeah the 80s was the heyday you know
what else is like that
zany is in Nashville that's my favorite
comedy let's fuckin trade spot man my
favorite one so far a Chinese god
place is the shit yep I've been going
there for years there's a lot of dead
heat here in those walls problem yeah
there's a fight ends yeah
there's eight by tens of comics many of
them there's a guy named Brian Kiley the
no prank oh this is a different one
oh I know the one you're thinking of the
guy from Boston yeah that's a different
one same name but he started in
Nashville it's big big big guy right
probably like five six hundred pounds
and you know he's a polite guy he says
hey I'd love to open for you and you
know do the road and all that stuff I
said sure you just show up at these gigs
and you want to go up I'll let you I
don't care and so it got to be a thing
you know he did it he did a gig for me
and right outside of my hometown and
then that night he goes well I'm just
gonna drive back to Raleigh tonight
looks like a three-hour you know drive
and he died on the way there some drunk
driver hit him and he flipped his car
and he didn't have a seatbelt on because
he didn't have the extender he couldn't
physically put it on and so I don't
matter how big you are if you're
flipping that car you're going out the
window and so it killed him and his head
shot hangs right there above that door
and so that's one of many people on that
wall there's no longer with us a lot of
comedians dying yeah but that that when
do you think that zany's was started I
want to say in the 70s probably started
Chicago yes
zanny Chicago there's a real Dorfman's
that's the Chicago one right that looks
like yeah that's not yeah that's a weird
angry that's a little Club that one yeah
that one's not as great to me because
it's long and boxing and the further you
get back to the bar area the more chance
you have to lose them back there yeah
but it's so only 150 yeah yeah that's
trying shit but but it's perfect you get
the flanks it's it has a balcony right
there at the top shout-out to the
Dorfman's and everybody just has a good
time at Zanies that's a great club yeah
if everyone and then second favorite
would be Denver I was bummed out when
they lock Denver's fantastic but I was
bummed out when they
the punchline in Atlanta that was
another one man
they lost that one to a parking issue is
that what it was yeah now when it was a
nice shaped like a barn perfect yep
it had a small balcony but they just
packed people on top of each other yeah
so you didn't have room to be you know
on your phone or talking it was like
you're right on top of people you had to
walk through the crowd to get to the
yeah to the stage you have got that one
weird green room the whole time yeah
well there's no bathroom that one weird
green room yeah spot and then had that
sign on the back wall that said quit
trying to be Hicks yeah yes in the
writing on the wall which is weird
Atlanta cuz Rock kind of Hicks boom
remember there was an upstairs area too
we can leave town like it was about
where the deejay was up there whatever
he had like that's what our office was
and they had like it's like the heckle
that maybe like five people could sit up
there yeah I did I did a good practical
joke at that place one time there's this
comedian named James Sibley great guy
very funny southern did we were sharing
a condo somewhere I think in Myrtle
Beach and as a joke I thought I'd be
funny when he's leaving to put a condom
wrapper in his bag and so I did that
right and then did this happen you know
okay no but I get so he goes away I
don't see him for a year two maybe three
he's divorced now well the first thing
he did this is Atlanta punchline he
walked up to his like you motherfucker
you know what you did to me help me got
me divorced like it was this long thing
I liked it I'm so sorry stupid it was
just dumb I already had I wouldn't even
planned out it was sitting right there I
just do it in there haha maybe he'll
find it when as he's packing to go home
I didn't I didn't think yourself you
know right so I felt really bad about it
he goes I'm gonna get you back and I'm
like okay and that stupid greenroom they
have in that corner at the punch line
right where you're sitting in there
there's no access to a man's room or if
you if he's poke your head out everybody
can see
like who's in there - what's going on -
right so I'm sitting in there he goes
alright here's what I'm gonna do when
you go onstage
cuz he was opening for me I'm gonna put
mustard all over the doorknobs in here
okay and you're gonna be in such a hurry
to get out of there and go back to your
stupid merch table that you don't even
remember that I told you there's mustard
all over this table and you're just
gonna grab mustard on your head it
wasn't as good as me getting him with
the condom obviously but he was right
like I go onstage he told you is good he
told me he was going to do it I said
cats have the bad gems not gonna happen
and of course I grabbed it right away I
was like okay he's still close alone
yeah well not I mean as close as I can
be but uh we're good we're fine did you
have to talk to his wife no he's got a
new life now I'm not gonna be one if it
was it was the first step maybe so first
down the first nail them that's right
yeah and welcome you're welcome new eyes
glass is half-full
okay down everybody yeah welcome to why
yeah yeah I was like God's plan that's
right yeah where I was like going come
on man in a lot of ways what if God was
one of us he is it's me it's not a song
is it it's who's saying that but if Jane
Osbourne I think yeah you know what's
really funny am i right yeah pretty
close pretty clear you're not impressed
with the speed of that I was very quick
like a DJ from the nineties jock jams
yeah whatever happened to that lady that
was a good song yeah she had her nose
pierced he had beautiful curly hair she
just said listen this is not for me I'd
rather be a hippie commune somewhere
doing yoga every day maybe she's doing
that probably what is she still out
there still out there still making it
everyday I'm hustling
I love that one when I go to the that's
on my playlist of working out I get on
the treadmill everyday I'm hustling yeah
that one gets me going
Kenny I can't William started it though
like when I saw Katt Williams do his bit
I'm not like you can have any stupid job
and if you hear that song you do the
best you can at it right it was a great
bit yeah and I'm like the way and that's
where the first time I heard a song I
like that yeah I'm Jocelyn oh you're on
the treadmill Katt Williams has some
all-time great bits yeah especially the
earlier stuff all that pimp Chronicles
stuff he says it's a murderer yeah
shit's ordering he was coming up like
white when he was starting to blow up
his stuff was so good yeah it was so
good he was so wait did he talk excited
too and yeah really fun fun great comic
so there's Rick Ross on my playlist and
then I also do a soundtrack from Flash
Gordon Queen you know you're the best
no that's quite a kid but that was a
soundtrack that was on there too yeah
rocky obviously I'll go with movies that
kind of inspired me when I was a kid and
get that soundtrack and then I get on
that elliptical machine and now I'm
doing the elliptical you know for the
universe like Flash Gordon you letting
motherfuckers know I'm saving the planet
ever watched the old Flash Gordon from
the 1950s no I saw was the cheap shitty
one in the 80s I was on a plane not
really recently I guess a couple years
ago and they had one of those video
catalogs so you could just watch stuff
yeah I think was an international flight
yeah and it had old TV shows and it had
Flash Gordon yeah I watched a bunch of
episodes of Flash course his wives again
it was weird
it's weird to watch yeah it's weird to
watch what people thought like space was
gonna be like aliens it's so strange
yeah I mean I think Flash Gordon was
probably from the 50s right it was a
comic book was it yes yeah it's
originally a comic book so you can get
pull up video of they need to remake
that family photos of the green room and
the punchline I was looking for that Hix
lion-o we've showed that before I wish
they would remake Flash Gordon and make
it a comedy but keep the soundtrack
because it's Queen no human rights these
huge queens huge right now
keep the exact same soundtrack make
Flash Gordon a comedy Jack Black get
what are you thinking of a Flash Gordon
the movie yeah the movie that's that I'm
sorry a movie wait wait wait there's the
original flash board with Ming the
Merciless may the mother look at them
tonight Istanbul like look at him
how where does he look look it flash
like that's what they thought people
gonna be wearing weird neck collars in
the future belt buckles I like it's such
a strange look man it's just a lightning
bolt on your chest if you pull up a
video of it so we could watch a video
cuz it's so it's so weird to watch
because it looks like what years it's a
50 64 255 Wow Ming the Merciless so this
is where he like it's so shitty like the
special effects were so this is not even
the movie this is I know I mean I'm
saying the claim jumpers steve holland
does Flash Gordon
Irene Champlin Dale Hardin look she's
hot she's hot in a real way yeah there
was no name no faking it back then dr.
zharko yeah same care I've not seen this
though so this was a whole TV show yeah
how many episodes do you think they made
if I had a guess I bet they made 50 or
something yeah look at that she's hot
got that shirt she is hot see that's how
you look at good looks like a drill yeah
no she's long ago drill women back then
all had flat butts unless they did
gymnastics that's right unless there's
some freak of nature accident uh-huh and
that that is some sort of weird ylva
stupid
that's a jackhammer that you know what
the hell jammer looks like that Tim Tam
that their gun that's what it looks like
what is that thing this is a things I do
it's for massage oh shit
[Music]
may i yes probably shouldn't do it right
in front of ona microphone like idea
it's great it doesn't hurt yeah true
good for loosening up muscles yeah bro
that's what they had good lord yeah
that's their weapon but to me it wasn't
punch you in the face real fast it's
always weird seeing what what people
thought the future was gonna be like
once the Futurity hits
yeah cuz if you think of that movie
alien I didn't we figure that out it was
like 2015 or something like that they
thought the first one was in 2000 was
this whole yeah yeah like the future
yeah it was 2015 yeah it was something
along yeah it is weird now like it well
back to the future is classic you know
their future was what was it - what was
the future because it happened in 1985
mm-hm and they went to in the second
when they went to the future but it was
like mm wasn't it oh no no it's like
2015 or something right yeah suddenly
what befell is the billionaire now yeah
cuz he took that stupid sports Almanac
and bet on a bunch of shit I watched
that a couple of years ago at a movie
theater in Bozeman Montana with my
family they had like a Back to the
Future night where they were playing it
the old classic movie yeah what's up
it's so good it's especially cool to see
an old movie in a movie theater I can
know they do those sometimes at certain
movie theaters we'll have like they'll
screen an old movie yeah it's fucking I
went to the Hollywood Bowl and watched
Back to the Future with and they had an
orchestra playing live the soundtrack
you know the movie as it's happening and
you kind of forget that that's that
shit's happening right now yeah we do
that every year we go to see The
Nightmare Before Christmas oh yeah they
do that yeah oh yeah it's great you ever
go to the cemetery watch a movie no
forever I did a show there once though
he did yeah
Duncan Trussell used to host a show yeah
love him so we're outside no inside the
song inside place we just stand up okay
it was real weird yeah we did that way
at the 70s concerts there and shit yeah
yeah well that's what they have that one
gigantic white wall that just project
movies and everyone sits on the lawn
it's like 5,000 people how weird is that
I watch Purple Rain Cemetery look at
that I watched screamed yes super weird
screamed the arm
cemetery now a figure that's actually a
great move but they yes tennis be a day
you know I was there watching a purple
rain and Dave Chappelle was there they
come out there's a DJ they do stuff
before and after the movie and well it
dresses up like characters from the film
wow yeah it's awesome
have you seen proper rain in the movie
lately no that's great is it no it's yes
I know yes and that acting is so bad I
mean great sarcastically ah Prince it
said it so funny when he there's this
one when he first makes his full face on
film right and then the movie it takes a
minute there's this one scene where
Apollonia is walking off he's mad and
he's just like whips around real fast
his hair comes and does that and that
everybody in that in the cemetery was
watching this in front like 5000 people
every girl's like this guy was four foot
one but it was 18 pounds kind of changed
music yeah I was a huge fan yeah I saw
this one in a theory came out was the
first time that like a French kissed a
girl and touched a boob II was doing
this movie well it's also like oh and
there's a lot of white mom he answer in
this movie yeah there was a lot yeah
didn't he hits her in the movie yeah and
he's like oh I want to be like my dad
but he actually hits her yeah and he
says he says of the f-word as well huh
yeah not Wow
yeah that's why I'm afraid to say don't
do it now you know about deadness I had
yeah I was free dead named and now
living with dead names you can get
kicked off a Twitter for life bitch for
life I'm barely even on Twitter really
how do ya well I'm on there but I don't
know Facebook seems to be where my
people are really yeah what people are
those well I had nothing wrong with
MySpace I was okay with my spoon you're
on my clock to AOL man you've got mail
hangouts like this you've got now that's
perfect
yes rouse yourself there was one before
my space too there was the one befriend
stir and stir friends stir crave and
yeah a couple other ones but it was my
space then face what things gonna be the
next thing
tik-tok is that a new view seen that yet
oh that's like music videos yeah yeah
that's not gonna it'll work with little
kids
I definitely annoyed with the
commercials for it eventually people
give up yeah well the next thing will be
something in your brain would be a chip
yes and that's gonna happen you know the
iCloud where everyone's just hanging out
with each other yeah some virtual world
and you're in an avatar right and you
get to be a perfect person out there yep
yeah it's gonna happen I'll try it out
with the world we live in is very
strange Jon REEP it certainly is that
I'm glad you around to provide comedic
entertainment serve it likewise my
friend thank you what are you gonna be
nice working people come see you oh good
question next I am going to Dayton Ohio
25 oh yes this is in Toledo Perrysburg
Ohio also a funny bone and then it's all
on John rape calm after that Jon REEP
calm gentleman J always good hanging
with you man likewise tonight you know
commune store yeah yeah laugh factory on
Friday okay beautiful bye everybody
please
[Music]
[Applause]